README.md, before:

# Eventkrake WebApp

This WebApp allows access to the Eventkrake API. Please read the installation
instructions to brand it to a certain festival or set of events.

* Source: [https://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp](https://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp)
* Homepage: [eventkrake.de](https://eventkrake.de)


## Installation

1. Clone the git repo - `git clone git://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp.git` -
or [download it](https://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp/zipball/master).
1. Do the configuration:
   1. *graphics*
   1. Rename `/config.sample.js` to `/config.js`.
   1. Change the values in the `/config.js` to your needs.
   1. Change the colors in the `/less/main.less`.
   1. Change the following in the `head` of the `/index.html`:
      1. The `title` tag.
1. Open the index.html in your browser.
1. Enjoy!


## Documentation

This README.md and inline documentation. Nothing more...

## Uses

* The [jq.gettext.js](https://github.com/g4rf/jq.gettext.js)-jQuery-PlugIn, that
is capable to translate HTML site on the client with no serverside processing.

## Contributing

Will be great to receive some donations on [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=jankossick%40online%2ede&lc=DE&item_name=Eventkrake&no_note=0&currency_code=EUR).

Commit message:

added cache serviceworker startet with manifest for add to homescreen in chrome

README.md, after:

# Eventkrake WebApp

This WebApp allows access to the Eventkrake API. Please read the installation
instructions to brand it to a certain festival or set of events.

* Source: [https://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp](https://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp)
* Homepage: [eventkrake.de](https://eventkrake.de)


## Installation

1. Clone the git repo - `git clone git://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp.git` -
or [download it](https://github.com/g4rf/eventkrake_webapp/zipball/master).
1. Do the configuration:
   1. Change the graphics in the Folder `img` by preserving names.
   1. Change the `manifest.json`.
   1. Rename `/config.sample.js` to `/config.js`.
   1. Change the values in the `/config.js` to your needs.
   1. Change the colors in the `/less/colors.less`.
1. Open the index.html in your browser.
1. Enjoy!


## Documentation

This README.md and inline documentation. Nothing more...

## Uses

* The [jq.gettext.js](https://github.com/g4rf/jq.gettext.js)-jQuery-PlugIn, that
is capable to translate HTML site on the client with no serverside processing.
* Much other stuff...

## Contributing

Will be great to receive some donations on [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=jankossick%40online%2ede&lc=DE&item_name=Eventkrake&no_note=0&currency_code=EUR).
